docs: Updated defineRemixExtension documentation along with the migration guide (#861)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: docs/100-upgrade/migration-guides/3.3-3.4.mdx

:::

### Refactor of `routes`

> In this version we updated how `routes` parameter from `defineRemixExtension`
> was resolve. You can now pass directly `import.meta.url` and the routes from
> your `/routes` directory will automatically be resolved:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this version we updated how `routes` parameter from `defineRemixExtension`
is resolved. When using folder based routing, you should pass `import.meta.url` to the `routes` in your extension definition:
```

Reviewer: Also add a note, if they added a placeholder `root.tsx` it can be removed, also check if there is any mention of it in the documentation which needs to be removed

```js
{
  name: "acme",
  theme: "./extensions/acme/theme",
  routes: import.meta.url,
}
```

For more information, see
[`defineRemixExtension`'s API reference](/docs/3.x/api-reference/front-commerce-remix/defineRemixExtension#routes)

> 

Reviewer 2: 2 more things must be documented here:
- the fact that extra `root.tsx` in extensions can now be removed
- same for the imports from `UNSTABLE_routes` (and the definitions).

Also, I think that [this section](https://developers.front-commerce.com/docs/3.x/guides/extend-route-layout#re-use-an-existing-layout-route) should be updated too.
